[Music]
good morning you're all really good
welcome back to another video today
we're going to a pro island with hopped
over to dumaguete island and stay here
so yeah I'm really excited so I'm gonna
take you along with us the weather is
super rainy but it's actually quite nice
because it's still really warm and it's
a first much rain wash the theme here is
the rainy season sorry yeah we just take
you along with us be something folks
ignite I heard you with this prolly
driver in school were like each era
brought original and then they're only
holy owner then so just I'm just like
looking out to see and it literally
looks so magazine breakfast today
I think right I've said every meal me
quite a rainy day today so I just
thought I'd do a bit of a room tour and
we're saying that this place called
atmosphere which is possibly the most
insane place I've ever stayed and I'll
show you why
straight through it's on the left
we've got this little fruit table that
gets topped up like twice a day and then
a coffee area wine I really like having
this water in the room obviously this is
my family suite room so here is our beds
and this will reset last night the
company's bed rotation to cocktails
physical enjoyment atmosphere oh that's
cute just seen that he's like the open
wardrobe we are here I think three
nights so we haven't unpacked anything
yet but our life at Wally's room
yes oh it's sticking humidity so three
here is this like I'm just tired of the
toilet so you're yeah you just like
that's the toilet here and then this is
open but you don't that you get you
don't get wet or anything and when we
first watching I wasn't I was curious
about evening at work sat on the toilet
or whatever but you don't and then a
little chair and I look at this like
double think they've got and this light
like put it to you that architecture and
design here is so it's so cool and it's
super super cool
[Music]
so in today's video I just thought
bringing you a lot and explain how I
personally keep fit while on holiday I'm
traveling at the moment anyway it's new
here so yeah I just thought I'd show you
like what my workout routine is what
time I work out what I eat and that kind
of thing so yeah we'll go from
[Music]
we've got finished in the gym had a
really good workout actually last would
be
laughs we've been traveling so far I've
just been sort of going to the gym when
we have one this one's like an outdoor
one and it's been like super rainy
weather so it's a lot cooler and second
we've just caught the end almost high
food so yeah we see before was fine I
didn't get too hot and sweaty sometimes
around train outside it's just like I
have no energy what's where
and so now we have come down for like
brunch kind of breakfast and come down
to the restaurant I really love this
hotel zoning because we have they've got
a vegan menu and a healthy choice sort
of healthy living menu
and we've loaded healthy options and it
just means it should make eating cleaner
like
a lot easier and definitely I'm not
being that restricted with what I eat as
I am really enjoying trying all the
different Filipino foods
yeah I'm just stop taking each day as it
comes and go with the flow and also I'm
trying to be super active like in terms
of steps trying to get as many steps
macam obviously it's literally throwing
it down
Samantha's got an orange and mango
smoothing I love how it comes in a
little bamboo straw qualify for a
cappuccino it's so coffee so I've gone
for a chicken burger and delicious of
summer night super-sized
mmm
cannot grapes we've just got to catch
our bottles and we're getting so much
for actually limits it because I have a
passion fruit thing and my goodness and
really love here like I've quite high up
I think
a Brazilian friend and 350 steps down
it's really probably not picked the best
weather to go out
but no one here at Spartan the sun-god
look
[Music]
Oh
it's jump at my absolute skin look what
is eating I thought it had some
cockroach in its mouth mine our business
and shower here my only question is
quite know where next and who's going to
be
[Music]
[Applause]
taking some photo IDs
[Music]